Add readme, license, code of conduct (#14)
Jelly-RDF/pyjelly: README.md

# pyjelly

> **pyjelly** is an official implementation of [Jelly](http://w3id.org/jelly), a high-performance binary serialization format and streaming protocol for RDF knowledge graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**pyjelly** is a Python implementation of [Jelly](http://w3id.org/jelly), a high-performance binary serialization format and streaming protocol for RDF knowledge graphs.
```
